!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	Development	//
FLUTTER_ASSERT_ARC	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterMacros.h	41;"	d
FLUTTER_ASSERT_ARC	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterMacros.h	44;"	d
FLUTTER_ASSERT_NOT_ARC	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterMacros.h	42;"	d
FLUTTER_ASSERT_NOT_ARC	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterMacros.h	45;"	d
FLUTTER_DEPRECATED	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterMacros.h	30;"	d
FLUTTER_EXPORT	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterMacros.h	10;"	d
FLUTTER_EXPORT	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterMacros.h	14;"	d
FLUTTER_FLUTTERAPPDELEGATE_H_	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterAppDelegate.h	6;"	d
FLUTTER_FLUTTERBINARYMESSENGER_H_	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterBinaryMessenger.h	6;"	d
FLUTTER_FLUTTERCALLBACKCACHE_H_	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterCallbackCache.h	6;"	d
FLUTTER_FLUTTERCHANNELS_H_	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterChannels.h	6;"	d
FLUTTER_FLUTTERCODECS_H_	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterCodecs.h	6;"	d
FLUTTER_FLUTTERDARTPROJECT_H_	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterDartProject.h	6;"	d
FLUTTER_FLUTTERENGINE_H_	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterEngine.h	6;"	d
FLUTTER_FLUTTERHEADLESSDARTRUNNER_H_	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterHeadlessDartRunner.h	6;"	d
FLUTTER_FLUTTERMACROS_H_	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterMacros.h	6;"	d
FLUTTER_FLUTTERPLATFORMVIEWS_H_	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterPlatformViews.h	6;"	d
FLUTTER_FLUTTERPLUGINAPPLIFECYCLEDELEGATE_H_	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterPluginAppLifeCycleDelegate.h	6;"	d
FLUTTER_FLUTTERPLUGIN_H_	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterPlugin.h	6;"	d
FLUTTER_FLUTTERTEXTURE_H_	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterTexture.h	6;"	d
FLUTTER_FLUTTERVIEWCONTROLLER_H_	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterViewController.h	6;"	d
FLUTTER_FLUTTER_H_	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/Flutter.h	6;"	d
FLUTTER_UNAVAILABLE	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterMacros.h	38;"	d
FlutterPlatformViewGestureRecognizersBlockingPolicy	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterPlugin.h	/^} FlutterPlatformViewGestureRecognizersBlockingPolicy;$/;"	t	typeref:enum:__anon1
FlutterPlatformViewGestureRecognizersBlockingPolicyEager	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterPlugin.h	/^  FlutterPlatformViewGestureRecognizersBlockingPolicyEager,$/;"	e	enum:__anon1
FlutterPlatformViewGestureRecognizersBlockingPolicyWaitUntilTouchesEnded	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterPlugin.h	/^  FlutterPlatformViewGestureRecognizersBlockingPolicyWaitUntilTouchesEnded,$/;"	e	enum:__anon1
FlutterPluginRegistrantCallback	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterPlugin.h	/^typedef void (*FlutterPluginRegistrantCallback)(NSObject<FlutterPluginRegistry>* registry);$/;"	t
FlutterPluginRegistrar	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterPlugin.h	/^@protocol FlutterPluginRegistrar;$/;"	v
FlutterPluginRegistry	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterPlugin.h	/^@protocol FlutterPluginRegistry;$/;"	v
GeneratedPluginRegistrant	example/android/app/src/main/java/io/flutter/plugins/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.java	/^public final class GeneratedPluginRegistrant {$/;"	c
GeneratedPluginRegistrant_h	example/ios/Runner/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.h	6;"	d
NS_ASSUME_NONNULL_BEGIN	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterMacros.h	19;"	d
NS_ASSUME_NONNULL_END	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterMacros.h	20;"	d
NS_ASSUME_NONNULL_END	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterPlugin.h	/^NS_ASSUME_NONNULL_END;$/;"	v
NS_DESIGNATED_INITIALIZER	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterDartProject.h	/^- (instancetype)initWithPrecompiledDartBundle:(nullable NSBundle*)bundle NS_DESIGNATED_INITIALIZER;$/;"	v
NS_DESIGNATED_INITIALIZER	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterEngine.h	/^      allowHeadlessExecution:(BOOL)allowHeadlessExecution NS_DESIGNATED_INITIALIZER;$/;"	v
NS_DESIGNATED_INITIALIZER	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterHeadlessDartRunner.h	/^      allowHeadlessExecution:(BOOL)allowHeadlessExecution NS_DESIGNATED_INITIALIZER;$/;"	v
NS_DESIGNATED_INITIALIZER	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterViewController.h	/^                         bundle:(nullable NSBundle*)nibBundle NS_DESIGNATED_INITIALIZER;$/;"	v
NS_DESIGNATED_INITIALIZER	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterViewController.h	/^                        bundle:(nullable NSBundle*)nibBundle NS_DESIGNATED_INITIALIZER;$/;"	v
NS_ENUM	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterCodecs.h	/^typedef NS_ENUM(NSInteger, FlutterStandardDataType) {$/;"	f
NS_UNAVAILABLE	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterEngine.h	/^+ (instancetype)new NS_UNAVAILABLE;$/;"	v
arguments	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterCodecs.h	/^@property(readonly, nonatomic, nullable) id arguments;$/;"	v
binaryMessenger	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterEngine.h	/^@property(nonatomic, readonly) NSObject<FlutterBinaryMessenger>* binaryMessenger;$/;"	v
binaryMessenger	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterViewController.h	/^@property(nonatomic, readonly) NSObject<FlutterBinaryMessenger>* binaryMessenger;$/;"	v
call	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterChannels.h	/^typedef void (^FlutterMethodCallHandler)(FlutterMethodCall* call, FlutterResult result);$/;"	v
callback	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterChannels.h	/^typedef void (^FlutterMessageHandler)(id _Nullable message, FlutterReply callback);$/;"	v
callbackClassName	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterCallbackCache.h	/^@property(retain) NSString* callbackClassName;$/;"	v
callbackLibraryPath	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterCallbackCache.h	/^@property(retain) NSString* callbackLibraryPath;$/;"	v
callbackName	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterCallbackCache.h	/^@property(retain) NSString* callbackName;$/;"	v
code	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterCodecs.h	/^@property(readonly, nonatomic) NSString* code;$/;"	v
data	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterCodecs.h	/^@property(readonly, nonatomic) NSData* data;$/;"	v
defaultBundleIdentifier	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterDartProject.h	/^+ (NSString*)defaultBundleIdentifier;$/;"	v
details	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterCodecs.h	/^@property(readonly, nonatomic, nullable) id details;$/;"	v
displayingFlutterUI	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterViewController.h	/^@property(nonatomic, readonly, getter=isDisplayingFlutterUI) BOOL displayingFlutterUI;$/;"	v
elementCount	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterCodecs.h	/^@property(readonly, nonatomic) UInt32 elementCount;$/;"	v
elementSize	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterCodecs.h	/^@property(readonly, nonatomic) UInt8 elementSize;$/;"	v
engine	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterViewController.h	/^@property(weak, nonatomic, readonly) FlutterEngine* engine;$/;"	v
event	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterChannels.h	/^typedef void (^FlutterEventSink)(id _Nullable event);$/;"	v
io.flutter.plugins	example/android/app/src/main/java/io/flutter/plugins/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.java	/^package io.flutter.plugins;$/;"	p
isGpuDisabled	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterEngine.h	/^@property(nonatomic, assign) BOOL isGpuDisabled;$/;"	v
isolateId	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterEngine.h	/^@property(nonatomic, readonly, copy, nullable) NSString* isolateId;$/;"	v
lifecycleChannel	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterEngine.h	/^@property(nonatomic, readonly) FlutterBasicMessageChannel* lifecycleChannel;$/;"	v
localizationChannel	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterEngine.h	/^@property(nonatomic, readonly, nullable) FlutterMethodChannel* localizationChannel;$/;"	v
message	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterBinaryMessenger.h	/^typedef void (^FlutterBinaryMessageHandler)(NSData* _Nullable message, FlutterBinaryReply reply);$/;"	v
message	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterChannels.h	/^typedef void (^FlutterMessageHandler)(id _Nullable message, FlutterReply callback);$/;"	v
message	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterCodecs.h	/^@property(readonly, nonatomic, nullable) NSString* message;$/;"	v
method	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterCodecs.h	/^@property(readonly, nonatomic) NSString* method;$/;"	v
navigationChannel	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterEngine.h	/^@property(nonatomic, readonly) FlutterMethodChannel* navigationChannel;$/;"	v
observatoryUrl	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterEngine.h	/^@property(nonatomic, readonly, nullable) NSURL* observatoryUrl;$/;"	v
platformChannel	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterEngine.h	/^@property(nonatomic, readonly) FlutterMethodChannel* platformChannel;$/;"	v
registerWith	example/android/app/src/main/java/io/flutter/plugins/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.java	/^  public static void registerWith(@NonNull FlutterEngine flutterEngine) {$/;"	m	class:GeneratedPluginRegistrant
reply	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterBinaryMessenger.h	/^typedef void (^FlutterBinaryMessageHandler)(NSData* _Nullable message, FlutterBinaryReply reply);$/;"	v
reply	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterBinaryMessenger.h	/^typedef void (^FlutterBinaryReply)(NSData* _Nullable reply);$/;"	v
reply	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterChannels.h	/^typedef void (^FlutterReply)(id _Nullable reply);$/;"	v
result	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterChannels.h	/^typedef void (^FlutterMethodCallHandler)(FlutterMethodCall* call, FlutterResult result);$/;"	v
result	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterChannels.h	/^typedef void (^FlutterResult)(id _Nullable result);$/;"	v
settingsChannel	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterEngine.h	/^@property(nonatomic, readonly) FlutterBasicMessageChannel* settingsChannel;$/;"	v
splashScreenView	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterViewController.h	/^@property(strong, nonatomic) UIView* splashScreenView;$/;"	v
success	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterHeadlessDartRunner.h	/^typedef void (^FlutterHeadlessDartRunnerCallback)(BOOL success);$/;"	v
systemChannel	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterEngine.h	/^@property(nonatomic, readonly) FlutterBasicMessageChannel* systemChannel;$/;"	v
textInputChannel	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterEngine.h	/^@property(nonatomic, readonly) FlutterMethodChannel* textInputChannel;$/;"	v
type	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterCodecs.h	/^@property(readonly, nonatomic) FlutterStandardDataType type;$/;"	v
viewController	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterEngine.h	/^@property(nonatomic, weak) FlutterViewController* viewController;$/;"	v
viewOpaque	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterViewController.h	/^@property(nonatomic, getter=isViewOpaque) BOOL viewOpaque;$/;"	v
window	example/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Headers/FlutterAppDelegate.h	/^@property(strong, nonatomic) UIWindow* window;$/;"	v
